https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-34544 mod changes for grc 2.16 (#8926)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/supported_policies.adoc

{ocp} 4.x also supports the {acm-short} configuration policies.

.Additional resources

View the following policy documentation to learn how to apply policies:

* To learn about the supported policies, see xref:../governance/supported_policies.adoc#supported-policies[Supported {acm} policies].

* Find more details about Kubernetes role-based access control in the Kubernetes link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/[RBAC documentation].

* Review the {ocp-short} documentation for more details about link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.20/html/authentication_and_authorization/managing-pod-security-policies[Managing Security Context Constraints documentation].

* Review the {ocp-short} documentation for more information about link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.20/html-single/etcd/index#enabling-etcd-encryption_etcd-encrypt[Enabling etcd encryption].

> * See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.20/html/security_and_compliance/compliance-operator#understanding-compliance-operator[Understanding the Compliance Operator] in the {ocp-short} documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
* Review the {ocp-short} documentation for more details about link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.19/html/authentication_and_authorization/managing-pod-security-policies[Managing Security Context Constraints documentation].

* Review the {ocp-short} documentation for more information about link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.19/html-single/etcd/index#enabling-etcd-encryption_etcd-encrypt[Enabling etcd encryption].

* See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.19/html/security_and_compliance/compliance-operator#understanding-compliance-operator[Understanding the Compliance Operator] in the {ocp-short} documentation.
```
